1322590142
ApplicationHelper	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
PagesController	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
SessionsHelper	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
User	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersHelper	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
about	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def about
admin_user	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def admin_user
authenticate	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def authenticate
authenticate	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	    def authenticate(email, submitted_password)
authenticate_with_salt	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	    def authenticate_with_salt(id, cookie_salt)
clear_return_to	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def clear_return_to
contact	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def contact
correct_user	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def correct_user
create	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
current_user	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user
current_user=	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user=(user)
current_user?	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user?(user)
deny_access	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def deny_access
destroy	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def destroy
edit	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
encrypt	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def encrypt(string)
encrypt_password	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def encrypt_password
gravatar_for	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	  def gravatar_for(user, options = { :size => 40 })
has_password?	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def has_password?(submitted_password)
help	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def help
home	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def home
index	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
logo	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def logo
make_salt	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def make_salt
new	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
password	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  attr_accessor   :password
redirect_back_or	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def redirect_back_or(default)
remember_token	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def remember_token
secure_hash	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def secure_hash(string)
show	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
sign_in	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_in(user)
sign_out	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_out
signed_in?	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def signed_in?
store_location	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def store_location
title	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title
update	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
user_from_remember_token	/home/taphon/apps/missive/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def user_from_remember_token
